com/example/loraapp/CoordsResponse.java
 com.example.loraapp.CoordsResponse
com/example/loraapp/Role.java
 com.example.loraapp.Role
com/example/loraapp/StatusResponse.java
 com.example.loraapp.StatusResponse
com/example/loraapp/EngineerActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.EngineerActivity
com/example/loraapp/CoordsRequest.java
 com.example.loraapp.CoordsRequest
 com.example.loraapp.DeviceCoords
com/example/loraapp/DataActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.DataActivity
com/example/loraapp/SensorMechanicActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.SensorMechanicActivity
com/example/loraapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.loraapp.BuildConfig
com/example/loraapp/RegisterSuccessActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.RegisterSuccessActivity
com/example/loraapp/QRGenerator.java
 com.example.loraapp.QRGenerator
com/example/loraapp/ServerConnection.java
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$1
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$2
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$3
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$4
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$5
 com.example.loraapp.ServerConnection$Connection
com/example/loraapp/AddSensorActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.AddSensorActivity
com/example/loraapp/TableActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.TableActivity
com/example/loraapp/DeviceRequest.java
 com.example.loraapp.DeviceParameters
 com.example.loraapp.DeviceRequest
com/example/loraapp/CheckSuccessActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.CheckSuccessActivity
com/example/loraapp/ChooseActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.ChooseActivity
 com.example.loraapp.ChooseActivity$1
 com.example.loraapp.ChooseActivity$2
com/example/loraapp/AddSuccessActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.AddSuccessActivity
com/example/loraapp/UNAuthActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.UNAuthActivity
com/example/loraapp/TransferSuccessActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.TransferSuccessActivity
com/example/loraapp/CheckQRCodeActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.CheckQRCodeActivity
com/example/loraapp/MainActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.MainActivity
com/example/loraapp/SensorActivity.java
 com.example.loraapp.SensorActivity
